please welcome Natalia Reyes
[Applause]
[Music]
this is I have to say this is one of the
weirdest things I've ever seen
holy moly that's some mask that is that
is a mask isn't it creepy I know it
looks creepy it does is that the one
they used in the movie yeah you can take
it off Arnold is that true yes I love
him yeah such a character he's the
Terminator you know the governor he's
the governor and determination he's
smart and he's I'm gonna get to him in a
moment I want to ask I know your parents
are here you are do you I know you're
from Columbia are you still do you still
live there yes you do in Columbia when
I'm not traveling so that doesn't happen
really often right I leave actually on
an island in front of Cartagena nice
beautiful nice we have a beach hotel a
beach resort with my husband oh you guys
have a hotel yes so it is a small one
how about with it the hotel are you do
you actually like like we help run it I
do I mean when I'm there and there's a
lot of people it's a small hotel but if
I have to I have to like I can make beds
and cook and do whatever I have to yeah
you actually will go in and service the
rooms absolutely if I have to have you
ever found anything weird like let's say
a thousand rats in one of these rooms
no but raccoons we do oh wait you have
records in your house yes oh I got a guy
for you he's from Cleveland
[Applause]
why do you why do you have raccoons in
your house well this is an island it's
pretty wild we have just like raccoons
and cats and dogs and ducks and just
like all kinds of anyone because we
don't know and it's tropical and it's
beautiful but they just love I have this
wrecked house where I live next to the
resort and they just love going there
directionless which is like give birth
to baby records there oh really
and are they do they I mean are they
scary yeah you know because our raccoons
are very aggressive think Columbian
raccoons are kind
oh is that right kuna she's she loves
sleeping in the bed and it's like a pet
she sleeps in your bed yes a wild or a
oh she's not that wild anymore wow
that is something else that is something
I've not anticipated yeah well no no I'm
not coming of the raccoon you say that
like that's normal
yeah Arnold Schwarzenegger of course is
the Terminator is Arnold Schwarzenegger
yeah and something funny happened with
the two of you and we have in that video
but before you show the video explain
what happened because well yeah
comic-con San Diego yes the Terminator
panel and we were there and we were just
in the middle of this panel with Linda
and Tim Miller our director all of us
they just see Arnold and I see his hand
and they see there's something written
in his hand and I'm like what is that
Natalia was written and they know like I
won't say anything here but I went
backstage you know like what like why do
you have my hand like who's your
favorite person in the world why I know
like ah because you have my name in your
hand you know like oh I'm sorry it was
just so I I like mentioning you all and
I always forget your name it's just like
I know it but like you will never forget
my name again I'm sure he won well
luckily for you this is on video so we
can really make
sure that he does I think you'll
probably remember you now well yeah
Tonio was talking about halloween in
spain and it not being a big deal or is
it a big deal in colombia it is a big
deal in colombia think we're closer to
the states oh right do we have this song
you know you trick-or-treat yeah so in
Colombia we made our Colombian version
he's like drinky-drinky Halloween and
it's like so tropical but it's like it's
your version but we do that and they
just yeah we and the kids sing that at
the door freaky Halloween part of me
yes really yes and there's a candy is it
the same deal yeah Candy's not in my
house we were always having like fruits
and my parents like no sodas I know for
it so every time the kids were coming
she was like oh we had these fruits and
can we give kiddo you had the worst
house in the neighborhood really what
about pumpkins did you carve pumpkins is
that yeah what do you carve like a
basketball or something so you wanted
for the bag of fruit at the end of the
day I mean that that's actually bitter I
think the Keats after Halloween are like
two days like hyperactive July for all
the sugar they just have a well there's
no question fruit is better for them
than M&Ms but you know it's Halloween
let's not get ridiculous here yeah throw
a corn cob in the back are you going to
like a Halloween party or participating
you're dressing up or anything after
this well I have I mean I'm wearing this
for short tonight yeah absolutely scared
yeah put that over one more second it
would you mind yeah put that on and and
do you do Arnold at all do you do an
imitation of him I'm not great okay well
is absolutely fantastic to be here Jimmy
that's pretty good that's not bad at all
boy I think you'd wind up with a whole
sack full of bananas if you wore that
boy and what is the Colombian song again
because I thank you thank you
Halloween kiddo don't say spider on me
he knows Terminator George bait opens in
theaters tomorrow
Natalia Reyes everybody Thank You
Natalia we'll be right back with big boy
sleepy brown and Shino
if you like that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment